## Initial Supervisory Meeting Minutes - Week 2
#### 30th of September 2022: 4:25 - 4:55pm
##### Room F112, Lilybank Gardens - Aidan Dow, Derek Somerville

* We introduced ourselves, and the current state of the project - Django application with React Frontend, developed as part of a masters project.

* Derek suggested that the project will be research heavy, and suggested researching what types of metrics are actually useful for quantifying code quality, developer quality, etc.

* Derek suggested the program could be extended by implementing static analysis of code, to determine code quality, utilizing different metrics depending on research.

* In order to familiarise myself with the codebase, Derek recommends implementing a very minor change. (Maintaining Minimum Viable Product - Site still works, and can be used) Then move on to implementing larger changes.

* Derek recommended that for each possible feature which may be implemented, prioritise them based on realistically how long they will take to implement, and how useful they will be. (Cost benefit Analysis)

* Derek revealed that Tim Storer and GUSS are potential customers of this product, and that there are several features which they would like to see implemented. They may be able to evaluate and provide feedback on the product. There is also a list of ideas for extension created by the original masters student.

* Derek suggested possibly hosting two distinct evaluations of the end product, one with a small circle of friends, using the tool for ~1 hour, analysing my project, me analysing theirs. Then a larger scale ~10 minute evaluation

* There will be plenty to write about the current state of the project, and how it compares to existing tools. Derek pointed out that an advantage of this application is that it collates statistics from projects across version control sites, i.e gitlab and github in one place.

* I brought up the fact that the existing application only shows number of commits and number of files. I suggested, a possible change could be to include lines of code per commit etc. Derek suggested that that may be significantly more computationally expensive. He did however provide access to code which he had previously written to analyse git commits in python.

* It was agreed that going forward, we would meet on Monday's at 2.30pm, with the next meeting being on the 10th of October.
