## Second Supervisory Meeting Minutes - Week 3
#### 10th of October 2022: 1.30-2.00pm
##### Room F112, Lilybank Gardens - Aidan Dow, Derek Somerville

### Review of progress since last supervisory meeting
* I showed Derek the progress made since the last meeting, showing the ability to view the commit message in the repository, as well as in the developer view. He was impressed with this change.
He is happy with progress.

### Possibility of changing fetch method to using online API's
* I explained about how the current application uses git clone in order to analyse repositories. Derek remarked that he thinks it needs to be done this way in order to enable any form of analysis of the code, but that online API's would provide less information, quicker.

* We could use an Adaptive Design Pattern for different git hosting platforms (GitHub, GitLab, etc)

* Derek suggested, it would be something for future improvement, but we could potentially fetch some data from the API's for instant access, and then clone the repository in the background.

### Discussion of Research Papers

* Derek suggested I try and find academic papers which analyse and speak about the github/gitlab API's.

* Derek sent me lectures to watch regarding performing Literature Reviews, recommended that the more related academic papers I could find, the better my dissertation would be - recommended I try and find 30-40. 

* Derek suggested I try to find some papers which aren't that great so I can criticize them.

### Discussion of using different tools for static analysis
* I asked about whether it would be worth investing time in finding tools to perform static analysis on all sorts of different languages. Derek responded by saying that the majority of projects are written in Java, and so we can focus our energy on Java static analysis

### Concluding conversations
* Derek revealed that Tim and Omar (GUSS) had some things which they would like implemented. We agreed to attempt to set up a meeting with them this/next week in order to discuss possible future features.
* Derek suggested I deploy the web application on one of the SoCS Servers.

