## Third Supervisory Meeting Minutes - Week 4
#### 17th of October 2022: 1.30-2.00pm
##### MS Teams - Aidan Dow, Derek Somerville

### Review of progress since last supervisory meeting
* I showed Derek the changes I had made to storing the cloned files to a new folder. I also told him about how I had been looking into the GitPython API, and how to use that to obtain diff information. He talked about how his LearnCodebase project he sent me has tools to do that, and to specifically analyse method calls and changes to methods.


### Discussion on Meeting to be held with Tim Storer and Merilla
* We were to meet with Tim and Merilla at 3pm to discuss their vision for the project. 
* We discussed the purpose of the meeting, that Tim would be proposing the changes he would like to see
* I asked Derek whether I should prepare anything for the meeting, he said I didn't have to.
* Derek recommended I take their recommendations into consideration, and try to estimate realistically how long they would take. He noted that sometimes a change can take 5 minutes, but the testing, etc can take hours, so factor that into time.


### Discussion on Deployment
* Derek mentioned last week that it would be good to deploy the application
* I asked about how to secure a server on which to deploy the application
* Derek suggested I email socs, and gave me an email address: support@dcs.gla.ac.uk
* I should say:  I would like a server, is there you could recommend, the previous person used this server: 13.232.126.97

### Discussion on metrics/visualisations
* I showed Derek my plan to create Gantt Charts/Graph to show developer contribution over time, Derek approved
* He suggested I look at: How many lines are committed to the codebase, but also how many to the wiki?
* Who are the low productivity developers? / Who has done nothing for the last 2 months?
* Order by who has done the most amount of work.
* Be able to login, do a user dashboard. Be able to mass import repos without having to go through the UI for all repos